it's junior officer aboard your ship before it aboard, It's gonna be a
very important for you to earn the trust and respect of men and women
in your division. One of the easiest things to do for that is to
get off. Get out of your state, out of the water, Out of a longer go
along the debts off your personnel, go follow messages. Just sort of
watch. And I'm not just talking about your initial qualifications
that you would have to do is part of your peak us, your personal qualification
standards, personal qualification system. He us points. Am
I talking about getting points? I'm talking about getting out and
you know, you want to turn in for the night. You got one more hour of
rack time Or do you want to go walk to that? You'll find the message
of the watch will climb down light mine shaft bearing, you know,
go take the loot wall temperatures. Okay. And do that for everyone.
Shaft bearing on your ship. That is easy. Just walking the deck management
by walking around, walking around and checking out on what you're
so used Actually learn. It's important for you to learn your ship.
Every ship is different. To lead out a little bit different. All
of ships line are supposed to be laid out the same. But some are not.
It is. You're in combat If you have to go down to a given space and
check something else of flooding control. The only way to do that
is by walking around. What better way to her? You know, trust and respect
of your personal else by walking it with another example you
give not a divisional, sir. Level but a za chief engineer. We're getting
ready to launch the RHIB and your every ship will have on away
boat. In this case, most of them all. The reds. And we had just gotten
to the ships, so we had to launch the RHIB. Well, part of a crew
up for that is, um you tested once. There was a conflict in the instructions.
The bullets inmates had just engine. But the gathers the plan
make the system is do not test. Without water flowing on, the postman
watch could have damage. Go ship. Once that was explained to may,
we wrote a procedure to take care of that and get it. And the A
gator Very happy for you that the ship won't be damaged. Everything
And that He put the word out. The engineer stuck on for the AIG angers
over with Postmates. So there is wind. I didn't hear the score. One
most amazing. So I was for my dough, But just there's gonna be a
lot of examples. Where? A mushroom walking a while. You won't find these
examples if you stay in your state grow if you stay in the wardroom.
Okay. You're not gonna want your shift. You're not gonna that it
is not a good way to start your career. You want to walk around? Wanna
know your ship? You want to know?